We refine the relation of Web service orchestration, abstract process, Webservice, and Web service choreography in Web service composition, under thesituation of cross-organizational corporation. We also introduce the formalverification process of this relation through an example.Web 3.0 is an evolving extension of the current web environme bnt.Information in web 3.0 can be collaborated and communicated when queried. Web3.0 architecture provides an excellent learning experience to the students. Web3.0 is 3D, media centric and semantic. Web based learning has been on high inrecent days. Web 3.0 has intelligent agents as tutors to collect anddisseminate the answers to the queries by the students. Completely Interactivelearner's query determine the customization of the intelligent tutor. Thispaper analyses the Web 3.0 learning environment attributes. A Maximum spanningtree model for the personalized web based collaborative learning is designed.In this research paper we are briefly presenting current major web problemsand introducing semantic web technologies with the claim of solving existingweb's problems. Furthermore we are describing Ontology as the main buildingblock of semantic web and focusing on its contributions to semantic webprogress and current limitations.Traditional Web browsing involves typing a URL on a browser and loading a Webpage. In contrast, there is another form of Web browsing on mobile devices,i.e., embedded Web browsing, which occurs when mobile apps embed a Web pagewithin the app. When the user navigates to the specific page in the app, theWeb page is loaded from within the app. However, little is known about theprevalence or performance of these embedded Web pages. To analyze the embeddedWeb browsing performance at scale, we design and implement DroidMeter, a toolthat can automatically search for embedded Web pages inside apps, trigger pageloads, and retrieve performance metrics.World Wide Web is a huge repository of web pages and links. It providesabundance of information for the Internet users. The growth of web istremendous as approximately one million pages are added daily. Users' accessesare recorded in web logs. Because of the tremendous usage of web, the web logfiles are growing at a faster rate and the size is becoming huge. Web datamining is the application of data mining techniques in web data. Web UsageMining applies mining techniques in log data to extract the behavior of userswhich is used in various applications like personalized services, adaptive websites, customer profiling, prefetching, creating attractive web sites etc., Webusage mining consists of three phases preprocessing, pattern discovery andpattern analysis. Web log data is usually noisy and ambiguous and preprocessingis an important process before mining. For discovering patterns sessions are tobe constructed efficiently. This paper reviews existing work done in thepreprocessing stage. A brief overview of various data mining techniques fordiscovering patterns, and pattern analysis are discussed. Finally a glimpse ofvarious applications of web usage mining is also presented.Recently web applications have been widely used in enterprises to assistemployees in providing effective and efficient business processes. Forecastingupcoming web events in enterprise web applications can be beneficial in manyways, such as efficient caching and recommendation. In this paper, we present aweb event forecasting approach, DeepEvent, in enterprise web applications forbetter anomaly detection. DeepEvent includes three key features: web-specificneural networks to take into account the characteristics of sequential webevents, self-supervised learning techniques to overcome the scarcity of labeleddata, and sequence embedding techniques to integrate contextual events andcapture dependencies among web events. We evaluate DeepEvent on web eventscollected from six real-world enterprise web applications. Our experimentalresults demonstrate that DeepEvent is effective in forecasting sequential webevents and detecting web based anomalies. DeepEvent provides a context-basedsystem for researchers and practitioners to better forecast web events withsituational awareness.There has been recently a growth of interest in developing the currentmachine-readable Web towards the next generation of machine-understandable Web- Semantic Web. The development of the Web to a global business was reasonablyfast, whereas Semantic Web development has taken time from a plan to be used asthe mainstream Web. It is also important to note that the use of Semantic Webwould only be successful in small technologies. However, the goal of SemanticWeb is to be used in big technologies and to be the mainstream Web. Somechallenges may impede make further progress of Semantic Web. In this reviewpaper, an overview of the current status and future needs of Semantic Web willbe presented. Specifically, the challenges and needs of Semantic Web in thehope of shedding some light on the adoption or infusion of Semantic Web in thefuture will be discussed. Then, a critical evaluation of these challenges andneeds will be presented. Semantic Web has a clear vision. It is moving, in linewith this vision, towards overcoming the challenges and usability in real worldapplications.Web archives are a historically valuable source of information. In somerespects, web archives are the only record of the evolution of human society inthe last two decades. They preserve a mix of personal and collective memories,the importance of which tends to grow as they age. However, the value of webarchives depends on their users being able to search and access the informationthey require in efficient and effective ways. Without the possibility ofexploring and exploiting the archived contents, web archives are useless. Webarchive access functionalities range from basic browsing to advanced search andanalytical services, accessed through user-friendly interfaces. Full-text andURL search have become the predominant and preferred forms of informationdiscovery in web archives, fulfilling user needs and supporting search APIsthat feed complex applications. Both full-text and URL search are based on thetechnology developed for modern web search engines, since the Web is the mainresource targeted by both systems. However, while web search engines enablesearching over the most recent web snapshot, web archives enable searching overmultiple snapshots from the past. This means that web archives have to dealwith a temporal dimension that is the cause of new challenges andopportunities, discussed throughout this chapter.With the rapid growth of the Internet, human daily life has become deeplybound to the Internet. To take advantage of massive amounts of data andinformation on the internet, the Web architecture is continuously beingreinvented and upgraded. From the static informative characteristics of Web 1.0to the dynamic interactive features of Web 2.0, scholars and engineers haveworked hard to make the internet world more open, inclusive, and equal. Indeed,the next generation of Web evolution (i.e., Web 3.0) is already coming andshaping our lives. Web 3.0 is a decentralized Web architecture that is moreintelligent and safer than before. The risks and ruin posed by monopolists orcriminals will be greatly reduced by a complete reconstruction of the Internetand IT infrastructure. In a word, Web 3.0 is capable of addressing web dataownership according to distributed technology. It will optimize the internetworld from the perspectives of economy, culture, and technology. Then itpromotes novel content production methods, organizational structures, andeconomic forms. However, Web 3.0 is not mature and is now being disputed.Herein, this paper presents a comprehensive survey of Web 3.0, with a focus oncurrent technologies, challenges, opportunities, and outlook. This articlefirst introduces a brief overview of the history of World Wide Web as well asseveral differences among Web 1.0, Web 2.0, Web 3.0, and Web3. Then, sometechnical implementations of Web 3.0 are illustrated in detail. We discuss therevolution and benefits that Web 3.0 brings. Finally, we explore severalchallenges and issues in this promising area.We introduce a new combinatorial object called a web world that consists of aset of web diagrams. The diagrams of a web world are generalizations of graphs,and each is built on the same underlying graph. Instead of ordinary verticesthe diagrams have pegs, and edges incident to a peg have different heights onthe peg. The web world of a web diagram is the set of all web diagrams thatresult from permuting the order in which endpoints of edges appear on a peg.The motivation comes from particle physics, where web diagrams arise asparticular types of Feynman diagrams describing scattering amplitudes innon-Abelian gauge (Yang-Mills) theories. To each web world we associate twomatrices called the web-colouring matrix and web-mixing matrix. The entries ofthese matrices are indexed by ordered pairs of web diagrams (D_1,D_2), and arecomputed from those colourings of the edges of D_1 that yield D_2 under atransformation determined by each colouring.  We show that colourings of a web diagram (whose constituent indecomposablediagrams are all unique) that lead to a reconstruction of the diagram areequivalent to order-preserving mappings of certain partially ordered sets(posets) that may be constructed from the web diagrams. For web worlds whoseweb graphs have all edge labels equal to 1, the diagonal entries of web-mixingand web-colouring matrices are obtained by summing certain polynomialsdetermined by the descents in permutations in the Jordan-Holder set of alllinear extensions of the associated poset. We derive tri-variate generatinggenerating functions for the number of web worlds according to three statisticsand enumerate the number of different web diagrams in a web world. Threespecial web worlds are examined in great detail, and the traces of theweb-mixing matrices calculated in each case.Web services substitution is one of the most challenging tasks for automatingthe composition process of multiple Web services. It aims to improveperformances and to deal efficiently with Web services failures. Many existingsolutions have approached the problem through classification of substitutableWeb services. To go a step further, we propose in this paper a network basedapproach where nodes are Web services operations and links join similaroperations. Four similarity measures based on the comparison of input andoutput parameters values of Web services operations are presented. Acomparative evaluation of the topological structure of the correspondingnetworks is performed on a benchmark of semantically annotated Web services.Results show that this approach allows a more detailed analysis ofsubstitutable Web services.The web information resources are growing explosively in number and volume.Now to retrieve relevant data from web has become very difficult andtime-consuming. Semantic Web envisions that these web resources should bedeveloped in machine-processable way in order to handle irrelevancy and manualprocessing problems. Whereas, the Semantic Web is an extension of current web,in which web resources are equipped with formal semantics about theirinterpretation through machines. These web resources are usually contained inweb applications and systems, and their formal semantics are normallyrepresented in the form of web-ontologies. In this research paper, anobject-oriented design methodology (OODM) is upgraded for developing semanticweb applications. OODM has been developed for designing of web applications forthe current web. This methodology is good enough to develop web applications.It also provides a systematic approach for the web applications development butit is not helpful in generating machine-pocessable content of web applicationsin their development. Therefore, this methodology needs to be extended. In thispaper, we propose that extension in OODM. This new extended version is referredto as the semantic web object-oriented design methodology (SW-OODM).We describe the rank 3 Temperley-Lieb-Martin algebras in terms of Kuperberg'sA_2-webs. We define consistent labelings of webs, and use them to describe thecoefficients of decompositions into irreducible webs. We introduce webimmanants, inspired by Temperley-Lieb immanants of Rhoades and Skandera. Weshow that web immanants are positive when evaluated on totally positivematrices, and describe some further properties.Topic models are popular models for analyzing a collection of text documents.The models assert that documents are distributions over latent topics andlatent topics are distributions over words. A nested document collection iswhere documents are nested inside a higher order structure such as stories in abook, articles in a journal, or web pages in a web site. In a single collectionof documents, topics are global, or shared across all documents. For web pagesnested in web sites, topic frequencies likely vary between web sites. Within aweb site, topic frequencies almost certainly vary between web pages. Ahierarchical prior for topic frequencies models this hierarchical structure andspecifies a global topic distribution. Web site topic distributions vary aroundthe global topic distribution and web page topic distributions vary around theweb site topic distribution. In a nested collection of web pages, some topicsare likely unique to a single web site. Local topics in a nested collection ofweb pages are topics unique to one web site. For US local health department websites, brief inspection of the text shows local geographic and news topicsspecific to each department that are not present in others. Topic models thatignore the nesting may identify local topics, but do not label topics as localnor do they explicitly identify the web site owner of the local topic. For webpages nested inside web sites, local topic models explicitly label local topicsand identifies the owning web site. This identification can be used to adjustinferences about global topics. In the US public health web site data, topiccoverage is defined at the web site level after removing local topic words frompages. Hierarchical local topic models can be used to identify local topics,adjust inferences about if web sites cover particular health topics, and studyhow well health topics are covered.Web usage mining is a type of web mining, which exploits data miningtechniques to discover valuable information from navigation behavior of WorldWide Web users. As in classical data mining, data preparation and patterndiscovery are the main issues in web usage mining. The first phase of web usagemining is the data processing phase, which includes the session reconstructionoperation from server logs. Session reconstruction success directly affects thequality of the frequent patterns discovered in the next phase. In reactive webusage mining techniques, the source data is web server logs and the topology ofthe web pages served by the web server domain. Other kinds of informationcollected during the interactive browsing of web site by user, such as cookiesor web logs containing similar information, are not used. The next phase of webusage mining is discovering frequent user navigation patterns. In this phase,pattern discovery methods are applied on the reconstructed sessions obtained inthe first phase in order to discover frequent user patterns. In this paper, wepropose a frequent web usage pattern discovery method that can be applied aftersession reconstruction phase. In order to compare accuracy performance ofsession reconstruction phase and pattern discovery phase, we have used an agentsimulator, which models behavior of web users and generates web user navigationas well as the log data kept by the web server.Web intelligence can be considered as a subset of Artificial Intelligence. Ituses existing data in web to produce new data, knowledge and wisdom to supportdecision making and new predictions for web users. Artificial Intelligence isever changing and evolving field of computer science and it is extensively usedin wide array of web based business applications. Although it is usedsubstantially in web based systems in developed countries, it is not examinedwhether it is being substantially used in Sri Lanka. Every Sri Lankan citizendepends on Public Service more or less throughout his/ her life time and atleast more than 3 times: at birth, marriage and death. So providing most ofthese services to its citizen, Sri Lankan Government uses more or less of itscountry web portal. This paper presents a model to evaluate web intelligencecapability based on weight to key functionalities with respect to webintelligence. The government websites were checked by the proposed criteria toshow the potential of using web intelligent technology to provide website basedservices. The result indicates that the use of web intelligence techniquesopenly and publicly to provide web based services through government web portalto its citizens is not satisfactory. It also indicates that lack of using thetechnologies pertaining to web intelligence in the public service web hindersthe most of the advantages that citizen and government can gain from suchtechnological involvement.The World Wide Web is the most wide known information source that is easilyavailable and searchable. It consists of billions of interconnected documentsWeb pages are authored by millions of people. Accesses made by various users topages are recorded inside web logs. These log files exist in various formats.Because of increase in usage of web, size of web log files is increasing at amuch faster rate. Web mining is application of data mining technique to theselog files. It can be of three types Web usage mining, Web structure mining andWeb content mining. Web Usage mining is mining of usage patterns of users whichcan then be used to personalize web sites and create attractive web sites. Itconsists of three main phases: Preprocessing, Pattern discovery and Patternanalysis. In this paper we focus on Data cleaning and IP Address identificationstages of preprocessing. Methodology has been proposed for both the stages. Atthe end conclusion is made about number of users left after IP addressidentification.The hidden nature and the limited accessibility of the Dark Web, combinedwith the lack of public datasets in this domain, make it difficult to study itsinherent characteristics such as linguistic properties. Previous works on textclassification of Dark Web domain have suggested that the use of deep neuralmodels may be ineffective, potentially due to the linguistic differencesbetween the Dark and Surface Webs. However, not much work has been done touncover the linguistic characteristics of the Dark Web. This paper introducesCoDA, a publicly available Dark Web dataset consisting of 10000 web documentstailored towards text-based Dark Web analysis. By leveraging CoDA, we conduct athorough linguistic analysis of the Dark Web and examine the textualdifferences between the Dark Web and the Surface Web. We also assess theperformance of various methods of Dark Web page classification. Finally, wecompare CoDA with an existing public Dark Web dataset and evaluate theirsuitability for various use cases.In the present paper we study geometric structures associated with webs ofhypersurfaces. We prove that with any geodesic (n+2)-web on an n-dimensionalmanifold there is naturally associated a unique projective structure and,provided that one of web foliations is pointed, there is also associated aunique affine structure. The projective structure can be chosen by the claimthat the leaves of all web foliations are totally geodesic, and the affinestructure by an additional claim that one of web functions is affine.  These structures allow us to determine differential invariants of geodesicwebs and give geometrically clear answers to some classical problems of the webtheory such as the web linearization and the Gronwall theorem.The field of information extraction from the Web emerged with the growth ofthe Web and the multiplication of online data sources. This paper is ananalysis of information extraction methods. It presents a service orientedapproach for web information extraction considering both web data managementand extraction services. Then we propose an SOA based architecture to enhanceflexibility and on-the-fly modification of web extraction services. Animplementation of the proposed architecture is proposed on the middleware levelof Java Enterprise Edition (JEE) servers.This paper describes the realization of the Ontology Web Search Engine. TheOntology Web Search Engine is realizable as independent project and as a partof other projects. The main purpose of this paper is to present the OntologyWeb Search Engine realization details as the part of the Semantic Web ExpertSystem and to present the results of the Ontology Web Search Enginefunctioning. It is expected that the Semantic Web Expert System will be able toprocess ontologies from the Web, generate rules from these ontologies anddevelop its knowledge base.A classification and examples of four-dimensional isoclinic three-webs ofcodimension two are given. The examples considered prove the existence theoremfor many classes of webs for which the general existence theorems are notproved yet.With the rapid growth of internet technologies, Web has become a hugerepository of information and keeps growing exponentially under no editorialcontrol. However the human capability to read, access and understand Webcontent remains constant. This motivated researchers to provide Webpersonalized online services such as Web recommendations to alleviate theinformation overload problem and provide tailored Web experiences to the Webusers. Recent studies show that Web usage mining has emerged as a popularapproach in providing Web personalization. However conventional Web usage basedrecommender systems are limited in their ability to use the domain knowledge ofthe Web application. The focus is only on Web usage data. As a consequence thequality of the discovered patterns is low. In this paper, we propose a novelframework integrating semantic information in the Web usage mining process.Sequential Pattern Mining technique is applied over the semantic space todiscover the frequent sequential patterns. The frequent navigational patternsare extracted in the form of Ontology instances instead of Web page views andthe resultant semantic patterns are used for generating Web pagerecommendations to the user. Experimental results shown are promising andproved that incorporating semantic information into Web usage mining processcan provide us with more interesting patterns which consequently make therecommendation system more functional, smarter and comprehensive.Web browsing is the main Internet Service and every customer wants theminimum web page loading times. To satisfy this perpetual need, web browsersoffer new processing engines and increased functionalities. Web developers makeuse of new programming languages and paradigms, new transport protocols havebeen introduced, network operators offer increased bandwidth and ContentDelivery Networks (CDN) providers deploy web servers closest to end-users. Toassess the efficiency of these evolutions, delivered performance is oftenevaluated into a standalone manner, without considering the whole chain of webbrowsing. We propose Web View, a measurement platform, which performs automatedweb browsing sessions on popular websites in a user-representative environment.Through different configurable parameters, Web View measures a wide set ofinformation in order to evaluate the impact of the different parameters(transport protocols, web browsers, CDN, access networks, etc.). Based on thosemeasurements, to ease the understanding of web browsing and the correspondingevolutions, Web View offers a public visualization website(https://webview.orange.com). For instance, with Web View, we were able todetect that the use of different CDNs at different times of the day candecrease loading times up to 400% and that the delivery of content throughdifferent transport protocols can decrease loading times up to 79%. This paperpresents the Web View measurement platform as well as remarkable events wenoticed during more than one year of measurements.World Wide Web is speeding up its pace into an intelligent and decentralizedecosystem, as seen in the campaign of Web 3.0 and forthcoming Web 4.0. Markedby the Europe Commission's latest mention of Web 4.0, a race towards strategicWeb 4.0 success has started. Web 4.0 is committed to bringing the nexttechnological transition with an open, secure, trustworthy fairness and digitalecosystem for individuals and businesses in private and public sectors. Despiteoverlapping scopes and objectives of Web 3.0 and Web 4.0 from academic andindustrial perspectives, there are distinct and definitive features and gapsfor the next generation of WWW. In this review, a brief introduction to WWWdevelopment unravels the entangled but consistent requirement of a more vividweb experience, enhancing human-centric experience in both societal andtechnical aspects. Moreover, the review brings a decentralized intelligenceprospect of view on native AI entities for Web 4.0, envisioning sustainable,autonomous and decentralized AI services for the entire Web 4.0 environment,powering a self-sustainable Decentralized Physical and Software Infrastructurefor Computing Force Network, Semantic Network, Virtual/Mixed Reality, andPrivacy-preserving content presumption.  The review aims to reveal that Web 4.0 offers native intelligence withfocused thinking on utilizing decentralized physical infrastructure, inaddition to sole requirements on decentralization, bridging the gap between Web4.0 and Web 3.0 advances with the latest future-shaping blockchain-enabledcomputing and network routing protocols.Web Engineering is the application of systematic, disciplined andquantifiable approaches to development, operation, and maintenance of Web-basedapplications. It is both a pro-active approach and a growing collection oftheoretical and empirical research in Web application development. This papergives an overview of Web Engineering by addressing the questions: a) why is itneeded? b) what is its domain of operation? c) how does it help and what shouldit do to improve Web application development? and d) how should it beincorporated in education and training? The paper discusses the significantdifferences that exist between Web applications and conventional software, thetaxonomy of Web applications, the progress made so far and the research issuesand experience of creating a specialisation at the master's level. The paperreaches a conclusion that Web Engineering at this stage is a moving targetsince Web technologies are constantly evolving, making new types ofapplications possible, which in turn may require innovations in how they arebuilt, deployed and maintained.Web 3.0 is an evolving extension of the web 2.0 scenario. The perceptionsregarding web 3.0 is different from person to person . Web 3.0 Architecturesupports ubiquitous connectivity, network computing, open identity, intelligentweb, distributed databases and intelligent applications. Some of thetechnologies which lead to the design and development of web 3.0 applicationsare Artificial intelligence, Automated reasoning, Cognitive architecture,Semantic web . An attempt is made to capture the requirements of Studentsinline with web 3.0 so as to bridge the gap between the design and developmentof web 3.0 applications and requirements among Students. Maximum Spanning Treemodeling of the requirements facilitate the identification of key areas and keyattributes in the design and development of software products for Students inWeb 3.0 using Discriminant analysis. Keywords : Web 3.0, Discriminant analysis,Design and Development, Model, Maximum Spanning Tree 1.Colors play a particularly important role in both designing and accessing Webpages. A well-designed color scheme improves Web pages' visual aesthetic andfacilitates user interactions. As far as we know, existing color assessmentstudies focus on images; studies on color assessment and editing for Web pagesare rare. This paper investigates color assessment for Web pages based onexisting online color theme-rating data sets and applies this assessment to Webcolor edit. This study consists of three parts. First, we study the extractionof a Web page's color theme. Second, we construct color assessment models thatscore the color compatibility of a Web page by leveraging machine learningtechniques. Third, we incorporate the learned color assessment model into a newapplication, namely, color transfer for Web pages. Our study combinestechniques from computer graphics, Web mining, computer vision, and machinelearning. Experimental results suggest that our constructed color assessmentmodels are effective, and useful in the color transfer for Web pages, which hasreceived little attention in both Web mining and computer graphics communities.It is common for an international company to have different brands, productsor services, information for investors, a corporate blog, affiliates, branchesin different countries, etc. If all these contents appear as independentadditional web domains (AWD), the company should be represented on the web byall these web domains, since many of these AWDs may acquire remarkableperformance that could mask or distort the real web performance of the company,affecting therefore on the understanding of web metrics. The main objective ofthis study is to determine the amount, type, web impact and topology of theadditional web domains in commercial companies in order to get a betterunderstanding on their complete web impact and structure. The set of companiesbelonging to the Spanish IBEX-35 stock index has been analyzed as testingbench. We proceeded to identify and categorize all AWDs belonging to thesecompanies, and to apply both web impact (web presence and visibility) andnetwork metrics. The results show that AWDs get a high web presence butrelatively low web visibility, due to certain opacity or less dissemination ofsome AWDs, favoring its isolation. This is verified by the low network densityvalues obtained, that occur because AWDs are strongly connected with thecorporate domain (although asymmetrically), but very weakly linked each other.Although the processes of AWDs creation and categorization are complex (webpolicy seems not to be driven by a defined or conscious plan), their influenceon the web performance of IBEX 35companies is meaningful. This researchmeasures the AWDs influence on companies under webometric terms for the firsttime.Web servers service client requests, some of which might cause the web serverto perform security-sensitive operations (e.g. money transfer, voting). Anattacker may thus forge or maliciously manipulate such requests by compromisinga web client. Unfortunately, a web server has no way of knowing whether theclient from which it receives a request has been compromised or not -- current"best practice" defenses such as user authentication or network encryptioncannot aid a server as they all assume web client integrity. To address thisshortcoming, we propose vWitness, which "witnesses" the interactions of a userwith a web page and certifies whether they match a specification provided bythe web server, enabling the web server to know that the web request isuser-intended. The main challenge that vWitness overcomes is that even benignclients introduce unpredictable variations in the way they render web pages.vWitness differentiates between these benign variations and maliciousmanipulation using computer vision, allowing it to certify to the web serverthat 1) the web page user interface is properly displayed 2) observed userinteractions are used to construct the web request. Our vWitness prototypeachieves compatibility with modern web pages, is resilient to adversarialexample attacks and is accurate and performant -- vWitness achieves 99.97%accuracy and adds 197ms of overhead to the entire interaction session in theaverage case.We want to make web archiving entertaining so that it can be enjoyed like aspectator sport. To this end, we have been working on a proof of concept thatinvolves gamification of the web archiving process and integrating video gamesand web archiving. Our vision for this proof of concept involves a webarchiving live stream and a gaming live stream. We are creating web archivinglive streams that make the web archiving process more transparent to viewers bylive streaming the web archiving and replay sessions to video game livestreaming platforms like Twitch, Facebook Gaming, and YouTube. We also want tolive stream gameplay from games where the gameplay is influenced by webarchiving and replay performance. So far we have created web archiving livestreams that show the web archiving and replay sessions for two web archivecrawlers and gaming live streams that show gameplay influenced by the webarchiving performance from the web archiving live stream. We have also appliedthe gaming concept of speedruns, where a player attempts to complete a game asquickly as possible. This could make a web archiving live stream moreentertaining, because we can have a competition between two crawlers to seewhich crawler is faster at archiving a set of URIs.In this paper, we reconstruct Kuperberg's $G_2$ web space. We introduce a newweb (a trivalent diagram) and new relations between Kuperberg's web diagramsand the new diagram. Using the $G_2$ webs, we define crossing formulascorresponding to R-matrices associated to some $G_2$ irreduciblerepresentations and calculate $G_2$ quantum link invariant for some toruslinks.We present SMPDF Web, a web interface for the construction of partondistribution functions (PDFs) with a minimal number of error sets needed torepresent the PDF uncertainty of specific processes (SMPDF).Webs are certain planar diagrams embedded in disks. They index and describebases of tensor products of representations of $\mathfrak{sl}_2$ and$\mathfrak{sl}_3$. There are explicit bijections between webs and certainrectangular tableaux. Work of Petersen-Pylyavskyy-Rhoades (2009) and Russell(2013) shows that these bijections relate web rotation to tableau promotion. Wedescribe the analogous relation between web reflection and tableau evacuation.In this paper we study the convergence of dynamical discrete web (DyDW) tothe dynamical Brownian web (DyBW) in the path space topology. We show thatalmost surely the DyBW has RCLL paths taking values in an appropriate metricspace and as a sequence of RCLL paths, the scaled dynamical discrete webconverges to the DyBW. This proves weak convergence of the DyDW process to theDyBW process.For a four-dimensional (nonisoclinicly geodesic) three-web W (3, 2, 2), atransversal distribution $\Delta$ is defined by the torsion tensor of the web.In general, this distribution is not integrable. The authors find necessary andsufficient conditions of its integrability and prove the existence theorem forwebs W (3, 2, 2) with integrable distributions $\Delta$.  They prove that for a web W (3, 2, 2) with the integrable distribution$\Delta$, the integral surfaces $V^2$ of $\Delta$ are totally geodesic in anaffine connection of a certain bundle of affine connections.  They also consider a class of webs W (3, 2, 2) for which the integralsurfaces $V^2$ of $\Delta$ are geodesicly parallel with respect to the sameaffine connections and a class of webs for which two-dimensional webs W (3, 2,1) cut by the foliations of W (3, 2, 2) on $V^2$ are hexagonal. They prove theexistence theorems for webs of the latter class as well as for webs of thesubclass which is the intersection of two classes mentioned above. The authorsalso establish relations between three-webs considered in the paper.With the advance of Web Services technologies and the emergence of WebServices into the information space, tremendous opportunities for empoweringusers and organizations appear in various application domains includingelectronic commerce, travel, intelligence information gathering and analysis,health care, digital government, etc. However, the technology to organize,search, integrate these Web Services has not kept pace with the rapid growth ofthe available information space. The number of Web Services to be integratedmay be large and continuously changing. To ease and improve the process of Webservices discovery in an open environment like the Internet, it is suggested togather similar Web services into groups known as communities. Although Webservices are intensively investigated, the community management issues have notbeen addressed yet In this paper we draw an overview of several Web servicesCommunities' management approaches based on some currently existing communitiesplatforms and frameworks. We also discuss different approaches for querying andselecting Web services under the umbrella of Web services communities'. Wecompare the current approaches among each others with respect to some keyrequirements.The Semantic Web initiative puts emphasis not primarily on putting data onthe Web, but rather on creating links in a way that both humans and machinescan explore the Web of data. When such users access the Web, they leave a trailas Web servers maintain a history of requests. Web usage mining approaches havebeen studied since the beginning of the Web given the log's huge potential forpurposes such as resource annotation, personalization, forecasting etc.However, the impact of any such efforts has not really gone beyond generatingstatistics detailing who, when, and how Web pages maintained by a Web serverwere visited.This paper support the concept of a community Web directory, as a Webdirectory that is constructed according to the needs and interests ofparticular user communities. Furthermore, it presents the complete method forthe construction of such directories by using web usage data. User communitymodels take the form of thematic hierarchies and are constructed by employingclustering approach. We applied our methodology to the ODP directory and alsoto an artificial Web directory, which was generated by clustering Web pagesthat appear in the access log of an Internet Service Provider. For thediscovery of the community models, we introduced a new criterion that combinesa priori thematic informativeness of the Web directory categories with thelevel of interest observed in the usage data. In this context, we introducedand evaluated new clustering method. We have tested the methodology usingaccess log files which are collected from the proxy servers of an InternetService Provider and provided results that indicates the usability of thecommunity Web directories. The proposed clustering methodology is evaluatedboth on a specialized artificial and a community Web directory, indicating itsvalue to the user of the web.Ontologies have become the effective modeling for various applications andsignificantly in the semantic web. The difficulty of extracting informationfrom the web, which was created mainly for visualising information, has driventhe birth of the semantic web, which will contain much more resources than theweb and will attach machine-readable semantic information to these resources.Ontological bootstrapping on a set of predefined sources, such as web services,must address the problem of multiple, largely unrelated concepts. The webservices consist of basically two components, Web Services Description Language(WSDL) descriptors and free text descriptors. The WSDL descriptor is evaluatedusing two methods, namely Term Frequency/Inverse Document Frequency (TF/IDF)and web context generation. The proposed bootstrapping ontological processintegrates TF/IDF and web context generation and applies validation using thefree text descriptor service, so that, it offers more accurate definition ofontologies. This paper uses ranking adaption model which predicts the rank fora collection of web service documents which leads to the automaticconstruction, enrichment and adaptation of ontologies.This paper shows that the problem of web services representation is crucialand analyzes the various factors that influence on it. It presents thetraditional representation of web services considering traditional textualdescriptions based on the information contained in WSDL files. Unfortunately,textual web services descriptions are dirty and need significant cleaning tokeep only useful information. To deal with this problem, we introduce rulesbased text tagging method, which allows filtering web service description tokeep only significant information. A new representation based on such filtereddata is then introduced. Many web services have empty descriptions. Also, weconsider web services representations based on the WSDL file structure (types,attributes, etc.). Alternatively, we introduce a new representation calledsymbolic reputation, which is computed from relationships between web services.The impact of the use of these representations on web service discovery andrecommendation is studied and discussed in the experimentation using real worldweb services.Web Service Composition creates new composite Web Services from existing WebServices which embodies the added values of Web Service technology and is a keytechnology to solve cross-organizational business process integrations. We do asurvey on formal methods for Web Service Composition in the following way.Through analyses of Web Service Composition, we establish a reference modelcalled RM-WSComposition to capture elements of Web Service Composition. Basedon the RM-WSComposition, issues on formalization for Web Service Compositionare pointed out and state-of-the-art on formal methods for Web ServiceComposition is introduced. Finally, we point out the trends on this topic. Forconvenience, we use an example called BuyingBooks to illustrate the conceptsand mechanisms in Web Service Composition.Openoffice.org is a popular, free and open source office product. Thisproduct is used by millions of people and developed, maintained and extended bythousands of developers worldwide. Playing a dominant role in the web, webservices technology is serving millions of people every day. Axis2 is one ofthe most popular, free and open source web service engines. The frameworkpresented in this paper, Axis2UNO, a combination of such two technologies iscapable of making a new era in office environment. Two other attempts toenhance web services functionality in office products are Excel Web Servicesand UNO Web Service Proxy. Excel Web Services is combined with MicrosoftSharePoint technology and exposes information sharing in a differentperspective within the proprietary Microsoft office products. UNO Web ServiceProxy is implemented with Java Web Services Developer Pack and enables basicweb services related functionality in Openoffice.org. However, the workpresented here is the first one to combine Openoffice.org and Axis2 and weexpect it to outperform the other efforts with the community involvement andfeature richness in those products.In today's Web, Web Services are created and updated on the fly. Foranswering complex needs of users, the construction of new web services based onexisting ones is required. It has received a great attention from differentcommunities. This problem is known as web services composition. However, it isone of big challenge problems of recent years in a distributed and dynamicenvironment. Web services can be composed manually but it is a time consumingtask. The automatic web service composition is one of the key features forfuture the semantic web. The various approaches in field of web servicecompositions proposed by the researchers. In this paper, we propose a novelarchitecture for semantic web service composition using clustering and Antcolony algorithm.Today most of the information in all areas is available over the web. Itincreases the web utilization as well as attracts the interest of researchersto improve the effectiveness of web access and web utilization. As the numberof web clients gets increased, the bandwidth sharing is performed thatdecreases the web access efficiency. Web page prefetching improves theeffectiveness of web access by availing the next required web page before theuser demand. It is an intelligent predictive mining that analyze the user webaccess history and predict the next page. In this work, vague improved markovmodel is presented to perform the prediction. In this work, vague rules aresuggested to perform the pruning at different levels of markov model. Once theprediction table is generated, the association mining will be implemented toidentify the most effective next page. In this paper, an integrated model issuggested to improve the prediction accuracy and effectiveness.Nowadays, invoking third party code increasingly involves calling webservices via their web APIs, as opposed to the more traditional scenario ofdownloading a library and invoking the library's API. However, there are alsonew challenges for developers calling these web APIs. In this paper, wehighlight a broad set of these challenges and argue for resulting opportunitiesfor software engineering research to support developers in consuming web APIs.We outline two specific research threads in this context: (1) web APIspecification curation, which enables us to know the signatures of web APIs,and (2) static analysis that is capable of extracting URLs, HTTP methods etc.of web API calls. Furthermore, we present new work on how we combine (1) and(2) to provide IDE support for application developers consuming web APIs. Asweb APIs are used broadly, research in supporting the consumption of web APIsoffers exciting opportunities.Personal and private Web archives are proliferating due to the increase inthe tools to create them and the realization that Internet Archive and otherpublic Web archives are unable to capture personalized (e.g., Facebook) andprivate (e.g., banking) Web pages. We introduce a framework to mitigate issuesof aggregation in private, personal, and public Web archives withoutcompromising potential sensitive information contained in private captures. Weamend Memento syntax and semantics to allow TimeMap enrichment to account foradditional attributes to be expressed inclusive of the requirements fordereferencing private Web archive captures. We provide a method to involve theuser further in the negotiation of archival captures in dimensions beyond time.We introduce a model for archival querying precedence and short-circuiting, asneeded when aggregating private and personal Web archive captures with thosefrom public Web archives through Memento. Negotiation of this sort is novel toWeb archiving and allows for the more seamless aggregation of various types ofWeb archives to convey a more accurate picture of the past Web.Topic models analyze text from a set of documents. Documents are modeled as amixture of topics, with topics defined as probability distributions on words.Inferences of interest include the most probable topics and characterization ofa topic by inspecting the topic's highest probability words. Motivated by adata set of web pages (documents) nested in web sites, we extend the Poissonfactor analysis topic model to hierarchical topic presence models for analyzingtext from documents nested in known groups. We incorporate an unknown binarytopic presence parameter for each topic at the web site and/or the web pagelevel to allow web sites and/or web pages to be sparse mixtures of topics andwe propose logistic regression modeling of topic presence conditional on website covariates. We introduce local topics into the Poisson factor analysisframework, where each web site has a local topic not found in other web sites.Two data augmentation methods, the Chinese table distribution andP\'{o}lya-Gamma augmentation, aid in constructing our sampler. We analyze textfrom web pages nested in United States local public health department web sitesto abstract topical information and understand national patterns in topicpresence.In this work, we show how to discover a semantic web service among arepository of web services. A new approach for web service discovery based oncalculating the functions similarity. We define the Web service functions withOntology Web Language (OWL). We wrote some rules for comparing two webservices` parameters. Our algorithm compares the parameters of two webservices` inputs/outputs by making a bipartite graph. We compute the similarityrate by using the Ford-Fulkerson algorithm. The higher the similarity, the lessare the differences between their functions. At last, our algorithm chooses theservice which has the highest similarity. As a consequence, our method isuseful when we need to find a web service suitable to replace an existing onethat has failed. Especially in autonomic systems, this situation is very commonand important since we need to ensure the availability of the application whichis based on the failed web service. We use Universal Description, Discovery andIntegration (UDDI) compliant web service registry.We present a framework for web-scale archiving of the dark web. Whilecommonly associated with illicit and illegal activity, the dark web provides away to privately access web information. This is a valuable and sociallybeneficial tool to global citizens, such as those wishing to access informationwhile under oppressive political regimes that work to limit informationavailability. However, little institutional archiving is performed on the darkweb (limited to the Archive.is dark web presence, a page-at-a-time archiver).We use surface web tools, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) and adapt them forarchiving the dark web. We demonstrate the viability of our framework in aproof-of-concept and narrowly scoped prototype, implemented with the followinglightly adapted open source tools: the Brozzler crawler for capture, WARC filefor storage, and pywb for replay. Using these tools, we demonstrate theviability of modified surface web archiving TTPs for archiving the dark web.Despite all the progress in Web service selection, the need for an approachwith a better optimality and performance still remains. This paper presents agenetic algorithm by adopting the Pareto principle that is called GAP2WSS forselecting a Web service for each task of a composite Web service from a pool ofcandidate Web services. In contrast to the existing approaches, all global QoSconstraints, interservice constraints, and transactional constraints areconsidered simultaneously. At first, all candidate Web services are scored andranked per each task using the proposed mechanism. Then, the top 20 percent ofthe candidate Web services of each task are considered as the candidate Webservices of the corresponding task to reduce the problem search space. Finally,the Web service selection problem is solved by focusing only on these 20percent candidate Web services of each task using a genetic algorithm.Empirical studies demonstrate this approach leads to a higher efficiency andefficacy as compared with the case that all the candidate Web services areconsidered in solving the problem.With recent advancements in AI and 5G technologies,as well as the nascentconcepts of blockchain and metaverse,a new revolution of the Internet,known asWeb 3.0,is emerging. Given its significant potential impact on the internetlandscape and various professional sectors,Web 3.0 has captured considerableattention from both academic and industry circles. This article presents anexploratory analysis of the opportunities and challenges associated with Web3.0. Firstly, the study evaluates the technical differences between Web 1.0,Web 2.0, and Web 3.0, while also delving into the unique technical architectureof Web 3.0. Secondly, by reviewing current literature, the article highlightsthe current state of development surrounding Web 3.0 from both economic andtechnological perspective. Thirdly, the study identifies numerous research andregulatory obstacles that presently confront Web 3.0 initiatives. Finally, thearticle concludes by providing a forward-looking perspective on the potentialfuture growth and progress of Web 3.0 technology.In 2023, images on the web make up 41% of transmitted data, significantlyimpacting the performance of web apps. Fortunately, image formats like WEBP andAVIF could offer advanced compression and faster page loading, but may faceperformance disparities across browsers. Therefore, we conducted performanceevaluations on five major browsers - Chrome, Edge, Safari, Opera, and Firefox -while comparing four image formats. The results indicate that the newer formatsexhibited notable performance enhancements across all browsers, leading toshorter loading times. Compared to the compressed JPEG format, WEBP and AVIFimproved the Page Load Time by 21% and 15%, respectively. However, web scrapingrevealed that JPEG and PNG still dominate web image choices, with WEBP at 4% asthe most used new format. Through the web scraping and web performanceevaluation, this research serves to (1) explore image format preferences in webapplications and analyze distribution and characteristics acrossfrequently-visited sites in 2023 and (2) assess the performance impact ofdistinct web image formats on application load times across popular webbrowsers.In order to ensure high availability of Web services, recently, a newapproach was proposed based on the use of communities. In composition, thisapproach consists in replacing the failed Web service by another web servicejoining a community offering the same functionality of the service failed.However, this substitution may cause inconsistency in the semantic compositionand alter its mediation initially taken to resolve the semantic heterogeneitiesbetween Web services. This paper presents a context oriented solution to thisproblem by forcing the community to adopt the semantic of the failed webservice before the substitution in which all inputs and outputs to/from thelatter must be converted according to this adopted semantic, avoiding anyalteration of a semantic mediation in web service composition.In this paper we extend our previous and only study on the dynamics of theChilean Web. This new study doubles the time period and to the best of ourknowledge is the only study of its type known about any country in the Web. Thenew results corroborate the trends found before, in particular the exponentialgrowth of the Web, and reinforce the conclusion that the Web is more chaoticthan we would like. Hence, modeling most Web characteristics is not trivial.With the increase in the number of web services, many web services areavailable on internet providing the same functionality, making it difficult tochoose the best one, fulfilling users all requirements. This problem can besolved by considering the quality of web services to distinguish functionallysimilar web services. Nine different quality parameters are considered. Webservices can be classified and ranked using decision tree approach since theydo not require long training period and can be easily interpreted. Variousdecision tree and rules approaches available are applied and tested to find theoptimal decision method to correctly classify functionally similar web servicesconsidering their quality parameters.CSPro (Census and Survey Processing System) is a software package usedrecently in many large scale surveys for data collection. This software oftenused as desktop software has been used for the first time as a web service forresolving some problems encountered in the first wave of the Morocco HouseholdPanel Survey (MHSP). The article will outline the Survey Management WebPlatform that has been developed based on web 2.0 technologies for bothintegrating the CSPro web service control and centralizing the data filescollection from survey fields.  Keywords: CSPro, Data collection, Survey Panel, Web Platform, Web Service,UMLThe Social Web is a set of social relations that link people through WorldWide Web. This Social Web encompasses how the websites and software aredesigned and developed to support social relations. The new paradigms, toolsand web services introduced by Social Web are widely accepted by internetusers. The main drawbacks of these tools are it acts as independent data silos;hence interoperability among applications is a complex issue. This paperfocuses on this issue and how best we can use semantic web technologies toachieve interoperability among applications.The project of the Ontology Web Search Engine is presented in this paper. Themain purpose of this paper is to develop such a project that can be easilyimplemented. Ontology Web Search Engine is software to look for and indexontologies in the Web. OWL (Web Ontology Languages) ontologies are meant, andthey are necessary for the functioning of the SWES (Semantic Web ExpertSystem). SWES is an expert system that will use found ontologies from the Web,generating rules from them, and will supplement its knowledge base with thesegenerated rules. It is expected that the SWES will serve as a universal expertsystem for the average user.Web video is often used as a source of data in various fields of study. Whilespecialized subsets of web video, mainly earmarked for dedicated purposes, areoften analyzed in detail, there is little information available about theproperties of web video as a whole. In this paper we present insights gainedfrom the analysis of the metadata associated with more than 120 million videosharvested from two popular web video platforms, vimeo and YouTube, in 2016 andcompare their properties with the ones found in commonly used videocollections. This comparison has revealed that existing collections do not (orno longer) properly reflect the properties of web video "in the wild".Search Engine is a Web-page retrieval tool. Nowadays Web searchers utilizetheir time using an efficient search engine. To improve the performance of thesearch engine, we are introducing a unique mechanism which will give Websearchers more prominent search results. In this paper, we are going to discussa domain specific Web search prototype which will generate the predictedWeb-page list for user given search string using Boolean bit mask.The evolution of the web can be characterized as an emergence of frameworkspaving the way from static websites to dynamic web applications. As the scopeof web applications has grown, new technical challenges have emerged, leadingto the need for new solutions. The latest of these developments is the rise ofso-called disappearing web frameworks that question the axioms of earliergenerations of web frameworks, providing benefits of the early web and simplestatic sites.Most of the web user's requirements are search or navigation time and gettingcorrectly matched result. These constrains can be satisfied with someadditional modules attached to the existing search engines and web servers.This paper proposes that powerful architecture for search engines with thetitle of Probabilistic Semantic Web Mining named from the methods used. Withthe increase of larger and larger collection of various data resources on theWorld Wide Web (WWW), Web Mining has become one of the most importantrequirements for the web users. Web servers will store various formats of dataincluding text, image, audio, video etc., but servers can not identify thecontents of the data. These search techniques can be improved by adding somespecial techniques including semantic web mining and probabilistic analysis toget more accurate results. Semantic web mining technique can provide meaningfulsearch of data resources by eliminating useless information with miningprocess. In this technique web servers will maintain Meta information of eachand every data resources available in that particular web server. This willhelp the search engine to retrieve information that is relevant to user giveninput string. This paper proposing the idea of combing these two techniquesSemantic web mining and Probabilistic analysis for efficient and accuratesearch results of web mining. SPF can be calculated by considering bothsemantic accuracy and syntactic accuracy of data with the input string. Thiswill be the deciding factor for producing results.Web crawlers visit internet applications, collect data, and learn about newweb pages from visited pages. Web crawlers have a long and interesting history.Early web crawlers collected statistics about the web. In addition tocollecting statistics about the web and indexing the applications for searchengines, modern crawlers can be used to perform accessibility and vulnerabilitychecks on the application. Quick expansion of the web, and the complexity addedto web applications have made the process of crawling a very challenging one.Throughout the history of web crawling many researchers and industrial groupsaddressed different issues and challenges that web crawlers face. Differentsolutions have been proposed to reduce the time and cost of crawling.Performing an exhaustive crawl is a challenging question. Additionallycapturing the model of a modern web application and extracting data from itautomatically is another open question. What follows is a brief history ofdifferent technique and algorithms used from the early days of crawling up tothe recent days. We introduce criteria to evaluate the relative performance ofweb crawlers. Based on these criteria we plot the evolution of web crawlers andcompare their performanceReducing the effort required to make changes in web services is one of theprimary goals in web service projects maintenance and evolution. Normally,functional and non-functional testing of a web service is performed by testingthe operations specified in its WSDL. The regression testing is performed byidentifying the changes made thereafter to the web service code and the WSDL.In this thesis, we present a tool-supported approach to perform efficientregression testing of web services. By representing a web service as a directedgraph of WSDL elements, we identify and gathers the changed portions of thegraph and use this information to reduce regression testing efforts.Specifically, we identify, categorize, and capture the web service testingneeds in two different ways, namely, Operationalized Regression Testing of WebService (ORTWS) and Parameterized Regression Testing of Web Service (PRTWS).Both of the approach can be combined to reduce the regression testing effortsin the web service project. The proposed approach is prototyped as a tool,named as Automatic Web Service Change Management (AWSCM), which helps inselecting the relevant test cases to construct reduced test suite from the oldtest suite. We present few case studies on different web service projects todemonstrate the applicability of the proposed tool. The reduction in the effortfor regression testing of web service is also estimated.The web is the prominent way information is exchanged in the 21st century.However, ensuring web-based information is accessible is complicated,particularly with web applications that rely on JavaScript and othertechnologies to deliver and build representations; representations are oftenthe HTML, images, or other code a server delivers for a web resource. Staticrepresentations are becoming rarer and assessing the accessibility of web-basedinformation to ensure it is available to all users is increasingly difficultgiven the dynamic nature of representations.  In this work, we survey three ongoing research threads that can inform webaccessibility solutions: assessing web accessibility, modeling web useractivity, and web application crawling. Current web accessibility research iscontinually focused on increasing the percentage of automatically testablestandards, but still relies heavily upon manual testing for complex interactiveapplications. Along-side web accessibility research, there are mechanismsdeveloped by researchers that replicate user interactions with web pages basedon usage patterns. Crawling web applications is a broad research domain;exposing content in web applications is difficult because of incompatibilitiesin web crawlers and the technologies used to create the applications. Wedescribe research on crawling the deep web by exercising user forms. We closewith a thought exercise regarding the convergence of these three threads andthe future of automated, web-based accessibility evaluation and assurancethrough a use case in web archiving. These research efforts provide insightinto how users interact with websites, how to automate and simulate userinteractions, how to record the results of user interactions, and how toanalyze, evaluate, and map resulting website content to determine its relativeaccessibility.This article explores the design and construction of a geo-spatial Internetweb service application from the host web site perspective and from theperspective of an application using the web service. The TerraService.NET webservice was added to the popular TerraServer database and web site with nomajor structural changes to the database. The article discusses web servicedesign, implementation, and deployment concepts and design guidelines. Webservices enable applications that aggregate and interact with information andresources from Internet-scale distributed servers. The article presents thedesign of two USDA applications that interoperate with database and web serviceresources in Fort Collins Colorado and the TerraService web service located inTukwila Washington.Recently, a new web development technique for creating interactive webapplications, dubbed AJAX, has emerged. In this new model, the single-page webinterface is composed of individual components which can be updated/replacedindependently. With the rise of AJAX web applications classical multi-page webapplications are becoming legacy systems. If until a year ago, the concernrevolved around migrating legacy systems to web-based settings, today we have anew challenge of migrating web applications to single-page AJAX applications.Gaining an understanding of the navigational model and user interface structureof the source application is the first step in the migration process. In thispaper, we explore how reverse engineering techniques can help analyze classicweb applications for this purpose. Our approach, using a schema-basedclustering technique, extracts a navigational model of web applications, andidentifies candidate user interface components to be migrated to a single-pageAJAX interface. Additionally, results of a case study, conducted to evaluateour tool, are presented.The topological structures of the Internet and the Web have receivedconsiderable attention. However, there has been little research on thetopological properties of individual web sites. In this paper, we considerwhether web sites (as opposed to the entire Web) exhibit structuralsimilarities. To do so, we exhaustively crawled 18 web sites as diverse asgovernmental departments, commercial companies and university departments indifferent countries. These web sites consisted of as little as a few thousandpages to millions of pages. Statistical analysis of these 18 sites revealedthat the internal link structure of the web sites are significantly differentwhen measured with first and second-order topological properties, i.e.properties based on the connectivity of an individual or a pairs of nodes.However, examination of a third-order topological property that consider theconnectivity between three nodes that form a triangle, revealed a strongcorrespondence across web sites, suggestive of an invariant. Comparison withthe Web, the AS Internet, and a citation network, showed that this third-orderproperty is not shared across other types of networks. Nor is the propertyexhibited in generative network models such as that of Barabasi and Albert.PageRank is a ranking of the web pages that measures how often a given webpage is visited by a random surfer on the web graph, for a simple model of websurfing. It seems realistic that PageRank may also have an influence on thebehavior of web surfers. We propose here a simple model taking into account themutual influence between web ranking and web surfing. Our ranking, theT-PageRank, is a nonlinear generalization of the PageRank. It is defined as thelimit, if it exists, of some nonlinear iterates. A positive parameter T, thetemperature, measures the confidence of the web surfer in the web ranking. Weprove that, when the temperature is large enough, the T-PageRank is unique andthe iterates converge globally on the domain. But when the temperature issmall, there may be several T-PageRanks, that may strongly depend on theinitial ranking. Our analysis uses results of nonlinear Perron-Frobeniustheory, Hilbert projective metric and Birkhoff's coefficient of ergodicity.Composing Web services is a convenient means of dealing with complexrequests. However, the number of Web services on the Internet is increasing.This explains the growing interest in composing Web services automatically.Nevertheless, the Web services' semantics is necessary for any dynamiccomposition process. In this article, we present an MDA approach to develop andcompose SAWSDL semantic Web services. To model Web services, we use a UMLprofile which is independent of the description standards. The SAWSDL interfacefiles are generated by using transformation rules. To model the behavior of acomposite Web service and generate its executable BPEL file, we use the BPMNnotation in a platform of modeling and implementing business process. The maincontribution of this work is the easy and extensible solution to a model-drivendevelopment of the semantic atomic and composite Web services.Web page categorization is one of the challenging tasks in the world of everincreasing web technologies. There are many ways of categorization of web pagesbased on different approach and features. This paper proposes a new dimensionin the way of categorization of web pages using artificial neural network (ANN)through extracting the features automatically. Here eight major categories ofweb pages have been selected for categorization; these are business & economy,education, government, entertainment, sports, news & media, job search, andscience. The whole process of the proposed system is done in three successivestages. In the first stage, the features are automatically extracted throughanalyzing the source of the web pages. The second stage includes fixing theinput values of the neural network; all the values remain between 0 and 1. Thevariations in those values affect the output. Finally the third stagedetermines the class of a certain web page out of eight predefined classes.This stage is done using back propagation algorithm of artificial neuralnetwork. The proposed concept will facilitate web mining, retrievals ofinformation from the web and also the search engines.The World Wide Web no longer consists just of HTML pages. Our work shedslight on a number of trends on the Internet that go beyond simple Web pages.The hidden Web provides a wealth of data in semi-structured form, accessiblethrough Web forms and Web services. These services, as well as numerous otherapplications on the Web, commonly use XML, the eXtensible Markup Language. XMLhas become the lingua franca of the Internet that allows customized markups tobe defined for specific domains. On top of XML, the Semantic Web grows as acommon structured data source. In this work, we first explain each of thesedevelopments in detail. Using real-world examples from scientific domains ofgreat interest today, we then demonstrate how these new developments can assistthe managing, harvesting, and organization of data on the Web. On the way, wealso illustrate the current research avenues in these domains. We believe thatthis effort would help bridge multiple database tracks, thereby attractingresearchers with a view to extend database technology.Web mining is the nontrivial process to discover valid, novel, potentiallyuseful knowledge from web data using the data mining techniques or methods. Itmay give information that is useful for improving the services offered by webportals and information access and retrieval tools. With the rapid developmentof biclustering, more researchers have applied the biclustering technique todifferent fields in recent years. When biclustering approach is applied to theweb usage data it automatically captures the hidden browsing patterns from itin the form of biclusters. In this work, swarm intelligent technique iscombined with biclustering approach to propose an algorithm called BinaryParticle Swarm Optimization (BPSO) based Biclustering for Web Usage Data. Themain objective of this algorithm is to retrieve the global optimal biclusterfrom the web usage data. These biclusters contain relationships between webusers and web pages which are useful for the E-Commerce applications like webadvertising and marketing. Experiments are conducted on real dataset to provethe efficiency of the proposed algorithms.Web emerged as an antidote to the rapidly increasing quantity of accumulatedknowledge and become successful because it facilitates massive participationand communication with minimum costs. Today, its enormous impact, scale anddynamism in time and space make very difficult (and sometimes impossible) tomeasure and anticipate the effects in human society. In addition to that, wedemand from the Web to be fast, secure, reliable, all-inclusive and trustworthyin any transaction. The scope of the present article is to review a part of theWeb economy literature that will help us to identify its major participants andtheir functions. The goal is to understand how the Web economy differs from thetraditional setting and what implications have these differences. Secondarily,we attempt to establish a minimal common understanding about the incentives andproperties of the Web economy. In this direction the concept of Web Goods and anew classification of Web Users are introduced and analyzed This article, isnot, by any means, a thorough review of the economic literature related to theWeb. We focus only on its relevant part that models the Web as a standaloneeconomic artifact with native functionality and processes.In recent years, Semantic web has become a topic of active research inseveral fields of computer science and has applied in a wide range of domainssuch as bioinformatics, life sciences, and knowledge management. The twofast-developing research areas semantic web and web mining can complement eachother and their different techniques can be used jointly or separately to solvethe issues in both areas. In addition, since shifting from current web tosemantic web mainly depends on the enhancement of knowledge, web mining canplay a key role in facing numerous challenges of this changing. In this paper,we analyze and classify the application of divers web mining techniques indifferent challenges of the semantic web in form of an analytical framework.Archiving the web is socially and culturally critical, but presents problemsof scale. The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine can replay captured web pagesas they existed at a certain point in time, but it has limited ability toprovide extensive content and structural metadata about the web graph. Whilethe live web has developed a rich ecosystem of APIs to facilitate webapplications (e.g., APIs from Google and Twitter), the web archiving communityhas not yet broadly implemented this level of access.  We present ArcLink, a proof-of-concept system that complements open sourceWayback Machine installations by optimizing the construction, storage, andaccess to the temporal web graph. We divide the web graph construction intofour stages (filtering, extraction, storage, and access) and exploreoptimization for each stage. ArcLink extends the current Web archive interfacesto return content and structural metadata for each URI. We show how this APIcan be applied to such applications as retrieving inlinks, outlinks,anchortext, and PageRank.Service-oriented computing (SOC) is an interdisciplinary paradigm thatrevolutionizes the very fabric of distributed software development applicationsthat adopt service-oriented architectures (SOA) can evolve during theirlifespan and adapt to changing or unpredictable environments more easily. SOAis built around the concept of Web Services. Although the Web servicesconstitute a revolution in Word Wide Web, they are always regarded asnon-autonomous entities and can be exploited only after their discovery. Withthe help of software agents, Web services are becoming more efficient and moredynamic. The topic of this paper is the development of an agent based approachfor Web services discovery and selection in witch, OWL-S is used to describeWeb services, QoS and service customer request. We develop an efficientsemantic service matching which takes into account concepts properties to matchconcepts in Web service and service customer request descriptions. Our approachis based on an architecture composed of four layers: Web service and Requestdescription layer, Functional match layer, QoS computing layer and Reputationcomputing layer.The proliferation of social media has the potential for changing thestructure and organization of the web. In the past, scientists have looked atthe web as a large connected component to understand how the topology ofhyperlinks correlates with the quality of information contained in the page andthey proposed techniques to rank information contained in web pages. We arguethat information from web pages and network data on social relationships can becombined to create a personalized and socially connected web. In this paper, welook at the web as a composition of two networks, one consisting of informationin web pages and the other of personal data shared on social media web sites.Together, they allow us to analyze how social media tunnels the flow ofinformation from person to person and how to use the structure of the socialnetwork to rank, deliver, and organize information specifically for eachindividual user. We validate our social ranking concepts through a rankingexperiment conducted on web pages that users shared on Google Buzz and Twitter.Web Service Composition creates new composite Web Services from thecollection of existing ones to be composed further and embodies the addedvalues and potential usages of Web Services. Web Service Composition includestwo aspects: Web Service orchestration denoting a workflow-like compositionpattern and Web Service choreography which represents an aggregate compositionpattern. There were only a few works which give orchestration and choreographya relationship. In this paper, we introduce an architecture of Web ServiceComposition runtime which establishes a natural relationship betweenorchestration and choreography through a deep analysis of the two ones. Then weuse an actor-based approach to design a language called AB-WSCL to support suchan architecture. To give AB-WSCL a firmly theoretic foundation, we establishthe formal semantics of AB-WSCL based on concurrent rewriting theory foractors. Conclusions that well defined relationships exist among the componentsof AB-WSCL using a notation of Compositionality is drawn based on semanticsanalysis. Our works can be bases of a modeling language, simulation tools,verification tools of Web Service Composition at design time, and also a WebService Composition runtime with correctness analysis support itself.Search engines are a combination of hardware and computer software suppliedby a particular company through the website which has been determined. Searchengines collect information from the web through bots or web crawlers thatcrawls the web periodically. The process of retrieval of information fromexisting websites is called "web scraping." Web scraping is a technique ofextracting information from websites. Web scraping is closely related to Webindexing, as for how to develop a web scraping technique that is by firststudying the program makers HTML document from the website will be taken to theinformation in the HTML tag flanking the aim is for information collected afterthe program makers learn navigation techniques on the website information willbe taken to a web application mimicked the scraping that we will create. Itshould also be noted that the implementation of this writing only scrapinginvolves a free search engine such as: portal garuda, Indonesian scientificjournal databases (ISJD), google scholar.In this paper, the Simulated Annealing (SA) based biclustering approach isproposed in which SA is used as an optimization tool for biclustering of webusage data to identify the optimal user profile from the given web usage data.Extracted biclusters are consists of correlated users whose usage behaviors aresimilar across the subset of web pages of a web site where as these users areuncorrelated for remaining pages of a web site. These results are very usefulin web personalization so that it communicates better with its users and formaking customized prediction. Also useful for providing customized web servicetoo. Experiment was conducted on the real web usage dataset called CTI dataset.Results show that proposed SA based biclustering approach can extract highlycorrelated user groups from the preprocessed web usage data.The advances of the Linked Open Data (LOD) initiative are giving rise to amore structured Web of data. Indeed, a few datasets act as hubs (e.g., DBpedia)connecting many other datasets. They also made possible new Web services forentity detection inside plain text (e.g., DBpedia Spotlight), thus allowing fornew applications that can benefit from a combination of the Web of documentsand the Web of data. To ease the emergence of these new applications, wepropose a query-biased algorithm (LDRANK) for the ranking of web of dataresources with associated textual data. Our algorithm combines link analysiswith dimensionality reduction. We use crowdsourcing for building a publiclyavailable and reusable dataset for the evaluation of query-biased ranking ofWeb of data resources detected in Web pages. We show that, on this dataset,LDRANK outperforms the state of the art. Finally, we use this algorithm for theconstruction of semantic snippets of which we evaluate the usefulness with acrowdsourcing-based approach.The next leap on the internet has already started as Semantic Web. At itscore, Semantic Web transforms the document oriented web to a data oriented webenriched with semantics embedded as metadata. This change in perspectivetowards the web offers numerous benefits for vast amount of data intensiveindustries that are bound to the web and its related applications. Theindustries are diverse as they range from Oil & Gas exploration to theinvestigative journalism, and everything in between. This paper discusses eightdifferent industries which currently reap the benefits of Semantic Web. Thepaper also offers a future outlook into Semantic Web applications and discussesthe areas in which Semantic Web would play a key role in the future.Web tracking technologies are pervasive and operated by a few largetechnology companies. This technology, and the use of the collected data hasbeen implicated in influencing elections, fake news, discrimination, and evenhealth decisions. Little is known about how this technology is deployed onhospital or other health related websites. The websites of the 210 publichospitals in the state of Illinois, USA were evaluated with a web trackeridentification tool. Web trackers were identified on 94% of hospital webssites, with an average of 3.5 trackers on the websites of general hospitals.The websites of smaller critical access hospitals used an average of 2 webtrackers. The most common web tracker identified was Google Analytics, found on74% of Illinois hospital websites. Of the web trackers discovered, 88% wereoperated by Google and 26% by Facebook. In light of revelations about how webbrowsing profiles have been used and misused, search bubbles, and the potentialfor algorithmic discrimination hospital leadership and policy makers mustcarefully consider if it is appropriate to use third party tracking technologyon hospital web sites.Increasing nonresponse rates and the cost of data collection are two pressingproblems encountered in traditional probability surveys. The proliferation ofinexpensive data from web surveys stimulates interest in statistical techniquesfor valid inferences from web samples. We consider estimation of population anddomain means in the two-sample setup, where the web sample contains variablesof interest and covariates that are shared with an auxiliary probability surveysample. First, we propose an estimator of population mean, based on theestimated propensity of response to a web survey. This makes inferences fromweb samples that are similar to well-established techniques used forobservational studies and missing data problems. Second, we propose an'implicit' logistic regression for estimating parameters of the web responsemodel in the two-sample setup. Implicit logistic regression uses selectionprobabilities, nominally defined for web sample units, and the size of thehypothetic population of responders to a web survey. A simulation studyconfirms the validity of implicit logistic regression and its higher efficiencycomparing to alternative estimators of web response propensity.Web services are widely used in many areas via callable APIs, however, dataare not always available in this way. We always need to get some data from webpages whose structure is not in order. Many developers use web data extractionmethods to generate wrappers to get useful contents from websites and convertthem into well-structured files. These methods, however, are designedspecifically for professional wrapper program developers and not friendly tousers without expertise in this domain. In this work, we construct a servicewrapper system to convert available data in web pages into web services.Additionally, a set of algorithms are introduced to solve problems in the wholeconversion process. People can use our system to convert web data into webservices with fool-style operations and invoke these services by one simplestep, which greatly expands the use of web data. Our cases show the ease ofuse, high availability, and stability of our system.Structure information extraction refers to the task of extracting structuredtext fields from web pages, such as extracting a product offer from a shoppingpage including product title, description, brand and price. It is an importantresearch topic which has been widely studied in document understanding and websearch. Recent natural language models with sequence modeling have demonstratedstate-of-the-art performance on web information extraction. However,effectively serializing tokens from unstructured web pages is challenging inpractice due to a variety of web layout patterns. Limited work has focused onmodeling the web layout for extracting the text fields. In this paper, weintroduce WebFormer, a Web-page transFormer model for structure informationextraction from web documents. First, we design HTML tokens for each DOM nodein the HTML by embedding representations from their neighboring tokens throughgraph attention. Second, we construct rich attention patterns between HTMLtokens and text tokens, which leverages the web layout for effective attentionweight computation. We conduct an extensive set of experiments on SWDE andCommon Crawl benchmarks. Experimental results demonstrate the superiorperformance of the proposed approach over several state-of-the-art methods.The rapid growth of web pages and the increasing complexity of theirstructure poses a challenge for web mining models. Web mining models arerequired to understand the semi-structured web pages, particularly when littleis known about the subject or template of a new page. Current methods migratelanguage models to the web mining by embedding the XML source code into thetransformer or encoding the rendered layout with graph neural networks.However, these approaches do not take into account the relationships betweentext nodes within and across pages. In this paper, we propose a new approach,ReXMiner, for zero-shot relation extraction in web mining. ReXMiner encodes theshortest relative paths in the Document Object Model (DOM) tree which is a moreaccurate and efficient signal for key-value pair extraction within a web page.It also incorporates the popularity of each text node by counting theoccurrence of the same text node across different web pages. We use thecontrastive learning to address the issue of sparsity in relation extraction.Extensive experiments on public benchmarks show that our method, ReXMiner,outperforms the state-of-the-art baselines in the task of zero-shot relationextraction in web mining.Web test automation techniques employ web crawlers to automatically produce aweb app model that is used for test generation. Existing crawlers rely onapp-specific, threshold-based, algorithms to assess state equivalence. Suchalgorithms are hard to tune in the general case and cannot accurately identifyand remove near-duplicate web pages from crawl models. Failing to retrieve anaccurate web app model results in automated test generation solutions thatproduce redundant test cases and inadequate test suites that do not cover theweb app functionalities adequately. In this paper, we propose WEBEMBED, a novelabstraction function based on neural network embeddings and threshold-freeclassifiers that can be used to produce accurate web app models duringmodel-based test generation. Our evaluation on nine web apps shows thatWEBEMBED outperforms state-of-the-art techniques by detecting near-duplicatesmore accurately, inferring better web app models that exhibit 22% moreprecision, and 24% more recall on average. Consequently, the test suitesgenerated from these models achieve higher code coverage, with improvementsranging from 2% to 59% on an app-wise basis and averaging at 23%.The BABAR Web site was established in 1993 at the Stanford Linear AcceleratorCenter (SLAC) to support the BABAR experiment, to report its results, and tofacilitate communication among its scientific and engineering collaborators,currently numbering about 600 individuals from 75 collaborating institutions in10 countries. The BABAR Web site is, therefore, a community Web site. At thesame time it is hosted at SLAC and funded by agencies that demand adherence topolicies decided under different priorities. Additionally, the BABAR Webadministrators deal with the problems that arise during the course of managingusers, content, policies, standards, and changing technologies. Desiredsolutions to some of these problems may be incompatible with the overalladministration of the SLAC Web sites and/or the SLAC policies and concerns.There are thus different perspectives of the same Web site and differingexpectations in segments of the SLAC population which act as constraints andchallenges in any review or re-engineering activities. Web Engineering, whichpost-dates the BABAR Web, has aimed to provide a comprehensive understanding ofall aspects of Web development. This paper reports on the first part of arecent review of application of Web Engineering methods to the BABAR Web site,which has led to explicit user and information models of the BABAR communityand how SLAC and the BABAR community relate and react to each other. The paperidentifies the issues of a community Web site in a hierarchical,semi-governmental sector and formulates a strategy for periodic reviews ofBABAR and similar sites.We use food webs generated by a model to investigate the effects of deletingspecies on other species in the web and on the web as a whole. The modelincorporates a realistic population dynamics, adaptive foragers and otherfeatures which allow for the construction of model webs which resembleempirical food webs. A large number of simulations were carried out to producea substantial number of model webs on which deletion experiments could beperformed. We deleted each species in four hundred distinct model webs anddetermined, on average, how many species were eliminated from the web as aresult. Typically only a small number of species became extinct; in no instancewas the web close to collapse. Next, we examined how the the probability ofextinction of a species depended on its relationship with the deleted species.This involved the exploration of the concept of indirect predator and preyspecies and the extent that the probability of extinction depended on thetrophic level of the two species. The effect of deletions on the web itself wasstudied by searching for keystone species, whose removal caused a majorrestructuring of the community, and also by looking at the correlation betweena number of food web properties (number of species, linkage density, fractionof omnivores, degree of cycling and redundancy) and the stability of the web todeletions. With the exception of redundancy, we found little or no correlation.In particular, we found no evidence that complexity in terms of increasedspecies number or links per species is destabilising.Administration of a Web directory and maintenance of its content and theassociated structure is a delicate and labor intensive task performedexclusively by human domain experts. Subsequently there is an imminent risk ofa directory structures becoming unbalanced, uneven and difficult to use to allexcept for a few users proficient with the particular Web directory and itsdomain. These problems emphasize the need to establish two important issues: i)generic and objective measures of Web directories structure quality, and ii)mechanism for fully automated development of a Web directory's structure. Inthis paper we demonstrate how to formally and fully integrate Web directorieswith the Semantic Web vision. We propose a set of criteria for evaluation of aWeb directory's structure quality. Some criterion functions are based onheuristics while others require the application of ontologies. We also suggestan ontology-based algorithm for construction of Web directories. By usingontologies to describe the semantics of Web resources and Web directories'categories it is possible to define algorithms that can build or rearrange thestructure of a Web directory. Assessment procedures can provide feedback andhelp steer the ontology-based construction process. The issues raised in thearticle can be equally applied to new and existing Web directories.Understanding web co-location is essential for various reasons. For instance,it can help one to assess the collateral damage that denial-of-service attacksor IP-based blocking can cause to the availability of co-located web sites.However, it has been more than a decade since the first study was conducted in2007. The Internet infrastructure has changed drastically since then,necessitating a renewed study to comprehend the nature of web co-location.  In this paper, we conduct an empirical study to revisit web co-location usingdatasets collected from active DNS measurements. Our results show that the webis still small and centralized to a handful of hosting providers. Morespecifically, we find that more than 60% of web sites are co-located with atleast ten other web sites---a group comprising less popular web sites. Incontrast, 17.5% of mostly popular web sites are served from their own servers.  Although a high degree of web co-location could make co-hosted sitesvulnerable to DoS attacks, our findings show that it is an increasing trend toco-host many web sites and serve them from well-provisioned content deliverynetworks (CDN) of major providers that provide advanced DoS protectionbenefits. Regardless of the high degree of web co-location, our analyses ofpopular block lists indicate that IP-based blocking does not cause severecollateral damage as previously thought.Web usability is continuing to be a pressing problem. For number of yearsresearchers have been developed tools for doing automatic web usabilitytesting. This study uses our own PHP, and MySQL based tool AWebHUT: AutomatedWeb Homepage Usability Tester to evaluate web usability of full Dmoz(www.dmoz.org) Asia web sites (45126 on time stamp 2011-12-03 04:12:46 GMT).The tool uses an extensive automated quantitative analysis of XHTML source codeof homepages against seventeen organised web usability guidelines. Theautomated quantitative approach is effective on large scale to achieve betterusability. The AWebHUT uses four web usability levels such as N: Neutral, V:Violate, R: Respect, and E: Error to evaluate web usability. The main objectiveof the study is to produce data which is used to answer research questions, (1)Are there any categories of web sites which have usability problems? Whichones? and (2) Are there any categories in which the usability is typicallyhigher? Why? The findings were indicated that all Asia categories haveusability problems. Furthermore, there are four web sites which have highestweb usability problem with violation percentage 71. One step further, the Asiacategory: Weather has highest usability problems with 42.2819 as the average ofthe violation percentage. The category Weather uses tables and images,considerable amount of those were not satisfying web usability guidelines whichrelates to tables and images. One step further, the Asia wants to get the samelevel of usability as North America, Europe, and Australia therefore it isessential to have an automated web usability evaluation in Asia web sites toidentify web usability problems which are important for improving Asia websites.In this paper we present new results for the combinatorics of web diagramsand web worlds. These are discrete objects that arise in the physics ofcalculating scattering amplitudes in non-abelian gauge theories. Web-colouringand web-mixing matrices (collectively known as web matrices) are indexed byordered pairs of web-diagrams and contain information relating the number ofcolourings of the first web diagram that will produce the second diagram.  We introduce the black diamond product on power series and show how itdetermines the web-colouring matrix of disjoint web worlds. Furthermore, weshow that combining known physical results with the black diamond product givesa new technique for generating combinatorial identities. Due to the complicatedaction of the product on power series, the resulting identities appear highlynon-trivial.  We present two results to explain repeated entries that appear in the webmatrices. The first of these shows how diagonal web matrix entries will be thesame if the comparability graphs of their associated decomposition posets arethe same. The second result concerns general repeated entries in conjunctionwith a flipping operation on web diagrams.  We present a combinatorial proof of idempotency of the web-mixing matrices,previously established using physical arguments only. We also show how theentries of the square of the web-colouring matrix can be achieved by a lineartransformation that maps the standard basis for formal power series in onevariable to a sequence of polynomials. We look at one parameterized web worldthat is related to indecomposable permutations and show how determining theweb-colouring matrix entries in this case is equivalent to a combinatorics onwords problem.Because the World Wide Web is a dynamic collection of information, the Websearch tools (or "search engines") that index the Web are dynamic. Traditionalinformation retrieval evaluation techniques may not provide reliable resultswhen applied to the Web search tools. This study is the result of tenreplications of the classic 1996 Ding and Marchionini Web search tool research.It explores the effects that replication can have on transforming unreliableresults from one iteration into replicable and therefore reliable results aftermultiple iterations.The Brownian web is a random object that occurs as the scaling limit of aninfinite system of coalescing random walks. Perturbing this system of randomwalks by, independently at each point in space-time, resampling the random walkincrements, leads to some natural dynamics. In this paper we consider thecorresponding dynamics for the Brownian web. In particular, pairs of coupledBrownian webs are studied, where the second web is obtained from the first byperturbing according to these dynamics. A stochastic flow of kernels, which wecall the erosion flow, is obtained via a filtering construction from suchcoupled Brownian webs, and the N-point motions of this flow of kernels areidentified.A web service is modeled here as a finite state machine. A compositionproblem for web services is to decide if a given web service can be constructedfrom a given set of web services; where the construction is understood as asimulation of the specification by a fully asynchronous product of the givenservices. We show an EXPTIME-lower bound for this problem, thus matching theknown upper bound. Our result also applies to richer models of web services,such as the Roman model.World Wide Web (WWW) is the most popular global information sharing andcommunication system consisting of three standards .i.e., Uniform ResourceIdentifier (URL), Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) and Hypertext Mark-upLanguage (HTML). Information is provided in text, image, audio and videoformats over the web by using HTML which is considered to be unconventional indefining and formalizing the meaning of the context...The scariest video from darkweb!Hi,Tldr; - My question is: How do I actually surf the dark web? There are billions of onion links in the dweb, with random characters and stuff. It's not like you can type every random collection of links you think and search, considering most of them are down. So how do I actually go beyond the collection of links in guides like "the Pug's guide" and search engine kinda stuff?&#x200B;So basically I'm just a curious guy who was curious about what the dark web was, and I was unfortunately disappointed. Actually let me explain, everywhere the dark web (not deep web) is described as some notorious place that has all these absolutely mind-blowingly illegal things.Well, I've gone to the dark web a lot of times and visited almost all the onion links that are available in the search engines (or equivalent things) the dweb has.So, my point is it's actually pretty boring. Of course, I absolutely don't support underage (stuff) and illegal drugs, passport and stuff. But tell me, is it really "abnormal and horrifying". I live in a 3rd world country, take a turn down the wrong alleyway and you get to see these things live and real. Considering the internet is literary made and used by humans, these things don't come as a surprise.  Many people act like it's some sort of really dangerous place, yes but if you're careful enough, you pose no danger to yourself from hackers (tbh I don't even care if my pc or network gets hacked).  My question is - How do I actually surf the dark web? There are billions of onion links in the dweb, with random characters and stuff. It's not like you can type every random collection of links you think and search, considering most of them are down. So how do I actually go beyond the collection of links in guides like "the Pug's guide" and search engine kinda stuff?  btw, any ideas are welcome, don't have to be an absolutely working concept. I thought of maybe creating a python script that automates searching random onion links, but 99% of the time it mightn't not work.  Thanks.im very new on this "world". i just want to know if it is easy to be like idk tracked down **robbed, killed or anything related to that**. what i should NOT do and how to avoid being hacked?browsing there is like media say? anything you do you get the risk of rlly bad things happening to you and your family?what about malware? should i just not download anything and im safe?First pic is my webbed hand (between the middle and ring finger), second is a closer look and third is my other, normal hand. Youd be surprised how many people ask if I can swim better like this.I think Ramis Spider-Man trilogy having Peter biological web was the smartest decision. Imagine having an animals superspowers but not having the most important ability biologically? Imagine aqua man needing a scuba gas tank to breathe under water.  Than why the f are you even aqua man at this point.Regardless of what the comics say, Spider-Man should produce natural webs. Like a spider does. And not have to rely on refilling gadgets. That's Batmans job. Spider-Man inherited the qualities of a spider, it only makes sense that webs would be a part of that.What's good for the goose....And I'm contributing to it. I had to add a modal popup form to a location page for a client. No big deal, added it with the usually "save timestamp to localstorage when someone fills out the form and prevent the popup for 30 days" spiel. Boss writes me says its broken that it doesn't popup. I write back, "if you fill out the form the popup is hidden for 30 days". Instructed to take it out. Now the shitty popup is there for all time. I feel absolutely trapped in my job, been here since 2014 and its always the same.